# -Ethiopian-Game
A New Card/Karta Game with great graphics, mechanics and great classical music to keep you entertained  
                                                                    Rule of the Game  
A player takes turns. Each player must throw a card with higher number like if the thrown card is 5 you should throw any card greater than 5 to make sure you beat the previous player. Only if you have a card of the game type like if the first thrown card is heart you should only throw a heart card regardless of what the previous player throws.  The game type which will be shown in the game left to the leader board dictates which type of cards (Spade,heart, flower or diamond) is allowed to be thrown.  If the you dont have a card that is greater than the card thrown before you are obligated to throw a card of the game type if you have one.  If you dont you can throw a spade but if the player doesn't have spade the player can throw any card. One round is finished after every player had taken his turn.  A player wins a round if the players card is a higher order card than the rest of cards.  One match starts after players have stated their bids. Bids are the number of rounds a player expects to win.  At the end of a match a player with highest number of successful bid wins. Wins higher than your bid will be added as decimal in your score.  So the game is also about winning and also predicting.  Don't worry just play the game you will get it very soon and the game is responsible for determining which is allowed and which is not.  Game Type Heirarchy  1.Spade  2.Hearts, flower and Diamond
